Hero Component Variant (#616)
microsoft/atlas-design: site/src/patterns/hero.md

	</div>
</section>
```

> ## Accent hero with right content

Reviewer: nit: In the paragraph below, this is referred to as the accent hero with details - we should make the heading consistent:

```suggestion
## Accent hero with details
```

> Hero with a theme-aware companion image.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Accent hero with content details overlaying the hero image.
```

> This component variant, known as 'Accent Hero w/details', overlays content details on hero images and aligns the content area to the right. It's currently utilized in plans to display learning outcomes. While its use is somewhat limited, it can accommodate more content within the hero section if necessary.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This component variant, known as 'Accent Hero with Details', overlays an element on top of the hero's image.
```
